---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Station code":"S06","permalink":"/narrative/locations/worlds/airesem/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**Airesem** is the frontier outpost of the Navareo Empire. Stretching across the rocky expanse of a moon at the empire periphery, Airesem represents a crucial juncture between the core territories of the Navareo Empire and its trailward edge realms. It is located within an interstellar strait, a funnel for traffic that necessitated its transformation from a mere research outpost to a penal colony over the course of its growth.

The topography of Airesem is marked by large habitats known as Hab Spheres and extensive atmospheric tents, constructions necessitated by Airesem’s rocky landscape and hostile temperatures. While initially established for strictly scientific purposes, such as tracking celestial phenomena at the empire's boundaries, the expansion of the Navareo Empire altered the colony’s function. In order to efficiently manage its growing territories and control criminal elements, the Empire transformed Airesem into a penal colony, a transition that fundamentally shaped its social fabric.

Despite its designation as a penal colony, the population of Airesem is a mixed one. It is estimated that normal residents, employees of the empire, researchers, and service sector folk, outnumber the inmate population. However, the presence of the penal colony has irrevocably marked the society and culture of Airesem. The colony is often associated with its incarcerated population, casting a long shadow over its non-inmate residents.

Life on Airesem is far from easy. Working conditions are notably harsh, largely due to Airesem’s extreme environment and the high-risk function that the colony now serves within the empire. The standard of living for both penal workers and free residents is consistently poor, adding to the challenging nature of life on this frontier outpost. Despite these hardships, Airesem continues to hold a strategically vital position within the Navareo Empire and is seen as a key bastion on its periphery.