---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Station code":["N08"],"permalink":"/narrative/locations/worlds/channel/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

The Nexus of Stellar Nomads, colloquially known as the Channel, is an extensive flotilla of asteroids and space stations situated within the neutral zone sandwiched between the [[Narrative/Factions/Ring Worlds\|Ring Worlds]] and the [[Narrative/Factions/Sundom of Eris\|Sundom of Eris]]. This astrogation waypoint operates primarily as an interstellar pit stop, bereft of any single governing body and largely relying upon a loose confederation of independent operators.

Although primarily intended for the use of [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Porters United\|Porters]] - interstellar couriers famed for their long-haul voyages across the cosmos - the Channel also caters to a wide panoply of transient travellers. It proffers a range of services that, while not known for their luxury or high quality, cater comprehensively to the fundamental needs of a nomadic spacefaring populace. These essentials include refuelling and restocking services, basic accommodation facilities, relaxation amenities, and a bustling marketplace for procuring new contracts or trading goods.

Perhaps the most distinctive feature of the Asteroid Caravanserai lies in its implementation of artificial gravity. The majority of the rocky outposts within the Channel are too minuscule to generate a noticeable gravitational pull, leading to the widespread practice of spin-gravity. The asteroids are deliberately shifted into a rotation pattern, simulating a gravitational environment conducive to regular human functioning and comfortable habitation. In contrast, a sprinkling of the smaller ‘rocks’ exist in a state of perpetual microgravity, functioning as zero-G playgrounds and training grounds for travellers who seek to adapt to or exploit such environments.