---
{"aliases":"Galathea","tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/locations/worlds/galathea-station/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

Galathea Station, formerly known as Research Platform 55 (RP-55), is the second biggest public space station after [[Narrative/Locations/Arcology Six\|Arcology Six]]. It is a vast space station complex that's about two kilometres in length and one in width at the widest point. Using plasma thrusters, the station pushes against the gravity of the black hole below, providing a usable gravity of about .2g at the lowest and .15g at the highest point. 

It's home to about 200 000 people and it supplied with water and food synthesis materials from several private hauling companies. Water is provided by hauling large chunks of ice harvested from asteroids, while food, especially fresh produce, is provided by colonies like Airesem and Ten'serrat. Both of these are Navarean colonies and were chosen for their close proximity to the station. A full haul providing food for the entire station lasts about one week and can be transported in two to three days.

Galathea Station is being powered by a fusion reactor that runs mostly on interstellar hydrogen collected through several arrays on the lower areas on the station. The reactor is placed at the bottom of the station, providing power through the entire station's power grid. It is rated at 250 MW, which is barely enough to power the infrastructure and systems Galathea station requires in order to function.

The station was originally built as an ambitious research task, experimenting with the effects of isolation in a low-gravity environment. Just one week after the experiment was started and RP-55 was sealed with a crew of 2000 and 150 000 test subjects, society began to break down and the heads of research were killed in armed riots. After this, the test was quickly stopped and RP-55 was put up for auction.

In the year 52, it was bought by an anonymous Navarean woman who had inherited a large sum of money who is, to this day, only known as The Director. After the acquisition, RP-55 was gradually transformed into Galathea Station, expanding the spartan interior with luxurious living spaces, holographic simulators, a real hydroponic garden and an expansive arboretum that would simulate planet-side living with holographic displays overlaid on top of the night sky of outer space.

From an administrative side, Galathea Station is divided in five sections:

- Exec Level - Galathea management and living quarters for most executive staff. The command bridge, along with the director's quarters, the exec quarters, an executive holographic simulator and a staff cafeteria are located on the Exec Level. It is accessible only to Galathea Station staff.
- Mainway Level - Also often called the Promenade, Mainway is the main commercial avenue. Comparable to downtown New York, Mainway is a crowded and bustling place for anyone to come and make acquisitions. Most high-rise hotels are also found on the Mainway. Traders usually set up on the Mainway to trade their goods, whereas the actual delivery will be done on the Wela or Docks levels.
- Wela Level - The largest sector of the station. Making up almost 50% of the station, it is where the main bulk of living quarters and services are found. The most important fixtures of Galathea are found here as well: the trauma centre and citizen services are located in the bowels of the station. Wela is a social melting pot. Many different cultures and species live next to each other. It is also badly managed and has a very high crime rate, especially in the poorer sections.
- Docks Level - With more than 200 ships docking and departing every day, Docks is the beating heart of trade and transit on the station. Hundreds of people come and go, and Docks is even equipped to handle the docking of large starships like a Navarean battleship and the larger [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Varyn\|Varyn]] exploration vessels.
- Reactor Level - The engineering compartment is the smallest section of Galathea station. Along with the eponymous fusion reactor, this is also where the maintenance of the station takes place. The power grid is managed here, and so are the gravity and water/sewage systems. The chief engineer works and lives here. Much like the Exec sector, it is only accessible to select members of the crew.