---
{"aliases":"LD Drive","tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/concepts/tech/light-distortion-drive/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

The Light Distortion Drive (LD Drive) is an experimental faster-than-light (FTL) propulsion system designed for interstellar travel. By manipulating light and space-time curvature to create a stable and traversable wormhole, the LD Drive enables instantaneous point-to-point travel anywhere in the galaxy. Due to its experimental nature, the LD Drive has yet to be widely implemented and is currently undergoing extensive research and development.

The LD Drive works by generating a high-energy light field around a vessel, allowing it to enter a state of "light phase". In this state, the vessel becomes intangible and can pass through a self-created wormhole, emerging at a pre-determined destination. This technology relies on the use of [[Narrative/Concepts/Science/Theodyne\|Theodyne]] in a specific crystalline configuration ([[Narrative/Concepts/Science/Theodyne\|Theodyne]]-LD), which has negative energy density and helps stabilise the wormhole during transit. The energy requirements for the LD Drive are immense, and it relies on advanced fusion reactors or even antimatter engines to provide the necessary power.

One of the most significant challenges faced by the LD Drive is the need for precise calculations to ensure accurate and safe travel. The vessel's on-board AI system must be able to calculate the exact location of the destination, taking into account the relative motions of celestial objects, space-time curvature, and other complex variables. Failure to do so may result in the vessel being lost in the wormhole or emerging at an incorrect or dangerous location.

The LD Drive comes with a significant drawback for organic beings. Due to the intense forces experienced during the "light phase" and transit through the wormhole, organic individuals experience intense nausea and discomfort. This is believed to be caused by a combination of factors, including the rapid acceleration and deceleration experienced during transit, as well as the exposure to exotic matter and the extreme distortion of space-time. Silicon-based species and androids, however, are unaffected by these side effects due to their non-organic nature and their ability to be internally stabilised.

Currently, the LD Drive is highly experimental, with only a few prototypes in existence. Research is ongoing to refine the technology and develop countermeasures to mitigate the negative effects on organic individuals. One potential solution being explored is the use of advanced inertial dampeners or bio-adjustment fields that could help alleviate the nausea and discomfort experienced by organic passengers.