---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Full Name":"Austin Taswell","Pronouns":"he/him","Role":"Dreamer","Species":"Tallisite","Gender":"Trans Man","Universal Name":"路 路ю","permalink":"/narrative/characters/phyrra-s-spark/austin-taswell/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**Austin Taswell** (路 路ю) is a Tallisite architect in his mid-thirties. Standing at around 6', he is tall and lean, with short black hair and a neatly trimmed goatee. He wears round glasses that frame his piercing blue eyes, and is known for his love of white button-down shirts paired with grey pants and a crisp white apron when he's working in his studio. As a trans man, Austin has always been proud of his identity and has worked hard to establish himself as a respected and successful architect.

Despite his busy schedule, Austin is a devoted husband to [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Bill Taswell\|Bill Taswell]] and a loving father to their children. He values his family above all else and is always willing to make time for them, whether it's taking the kids to the park or simply sitting down to a family dinner. In his free time, Austin enjoys cooking and trying out new recipes, as well as working on personal projects in his studio.

As an architect, Austin is known for his attention to detail and his ability to bring even the most complex designs to life. He has a passion for creating functional and beautiful spaces, and takes great pride in his work. Despite his success, Austin remains humble and is always willing to listen to the ideas and concerns of his clients. He is respected by his peers and admired by those who have had the pleasure of working with him.