---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Pronouns":"she/her","Full Name":"Dolorys","Role":"Chorus","Species":"Navarean","Gender":"Cis Woman","permalink":"/narrative/characters/daedalus-plan/lola/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

Lola is a former [[Resources/Blackporter\|blackporter]] and porter who currently resides on the [[Narrative/Locations/Arcology Six\|Vi Station]] with her partner, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]] Augustine. Born on the planet Ten'Serrat, Lola had a rough upbringing and turned to smuggling and transporting illegal goods as a means of survival. It was during one of her runs that she stumbled upon the barely alive [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]], who had been spaced by [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/C-Null\|C-Null]] and left for dead in the dead space behind Sgt.A*. Lola took [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]] in and helped them regain their strength and start a new life on the [[Narrative/Locations/Arcology Six\|Vi Station]].

As a [[Resources/Blackporter\|blackporter]], Lola was known for her quick thinking and resourcefulness, as well as her loyalty to her clients. Despite the risky and often dangerous nature of her work, she had a strict code of ethics and never betrayed those who hired her. After settling down on the [[Narrative/Locations/Arcology Six\|Vi Station]] with [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]], Lola turned her attention to helping them establish their augmentation design business, Studio Augustine. She serves as the business's manager and handles the administrative and financial aspects, allowing [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]] to focus on the creative and technical side of things.

In addition to her role at Studio Augustine, Lola is also a skilled mechanic and engineer. She often helps maintain and repair the station's infrastructure, as well as providing technical support to [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]]'s augmentation projects. Despite her tough exterior, Lola is fiercely protective of [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Charlie\|Charlie]] and is deeply devoted to them. She is patient and understanding, always willing to support and guide them through their moments of impulsiveness and immaturity.

Lola is a tall colonist, standing at around 1.90 meters. She has a curvy figure, with a wide butt, chubby midsection, and large chest. Lola is black and has dark purple hair that is slicked back and cut on the side. She has surface wiring under her eye, a sign of her eye being replaced.

Lola used to have an addiction to [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Neural Virtual Reality\|NVR]] which she overcame by cold-turkey withdrawal and replacement of her eyes to fix the allodynia induced by NVR laser array abuse.