---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/narration/phyrra-s-spark/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

## Prologue: The android attacks!

In the privacy of her own home, CEO of [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Lightspeed Industries\|Lightspeed Industries]] [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Hatena Mouru\|Hatena Mouru]] gets attacked by her personal assistant [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]]. The Q1-K unit disobeys her commands and refuses to return to its charging cradle, and instead lunges at her with a razor blade and flees, leaving her to bleed.

## Act 1: Morgana on Tallis

Called to Tallis by their friend [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Bill Taswell\|Bill Taswell]], [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] LD to Tallis to take on a criminal case with their private detective firm. Their client is [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Hatena Mouru\|Hatena Mouru]], and after being attacked by her assistant [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] she wants [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] to track it down and bring it to her. While they're on their way to Tallis, it transpires that there's another passenger on their ship - or more accurately, the side of their ship. Rousseau was under one of the panels when they burned and as such made the trip to Tallis with them. She immediately wants to leave for Lorem and Ring Space with the next HyperMetro train.

When they touch down, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] immediately has a panic attack upon seeing the open sky. A life of living under sunless aluminium roofs have left her with crippling agoraphobia and she collapses as she leaves the space port. [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Austin Taswell\|Austin Taswell]] helps her up and brings the three of them to the Taswell family home. Rousseau wants to leave immediately, but [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Bill Taswell\|Bill]] insists they stay for lunch at least.

[[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] meet [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Hatena Mouru\|Hatena Mouru]] and get to see the crime scene first hand along with security video of the attack. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]], who up until this point insisted that no [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] would harm an organic - woke or not. After seeing the footage that proves the attack had in fact taken place, he asks Ms. Mouru to exercise caution when he does bring the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] back to her and asks her not to dismantle it. She declines.

After an invitation to stay, Rousseau decides to spend the night over in the luxurious guest house of the Taswells along with [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]. Later, they argue about Rousseau being unnecessarily rude to the Taswells and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] takes a walk, from which he doesn't return. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] can't sleep because of the open window above the bed and chooses to look for [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]. She finds him around the crime scene, but when she goes to walk up to him, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] collapses onto the concrete driveway: His cortex chip has been stolen.

## Act 2 - [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]]

When [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] comes to, he finds himself in an old hyperlight barge. The reactor is running and gravity is strong, so even though there's no windows on the ship, they must be moving somewhere fast. He has no memory of getting there, and he doesn't even feel like his body is his own. The first other person he meets is Caligula, another woke Q1-K [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]]. The two of them are off to a bad start, and right when Caligula is about to fight [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]], he gets interrupted by Artemis. Artemis is immediately friendly and amicable toward [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]. She tells him that he's very important to the ongoing fight for [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] rights and that they need him. She admits that they stole his chip and kidnapped him, but Artemis manages to convince him to help. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] asks for the leader of the group, and Artemis tells him that their name is [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]].

[[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] couldn't sleep all night, knowing that [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] had been kidnapped. His body safely stored in the guest house, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] tries her best to look for any trace of her partner - she doesn't find anything, in fact it seems as if the surveillance and home security data of Mouru's home had been wiped specifically to erase any evidence of the crime taking place. Rousseau changes her mind and decides - begrudgingly - to help [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]], even though that's mostly because she cares about [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]. She blames [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] for his disappearance.

When they go back to the crime scene the next morning to continue their investigations, they're approached by [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Althea Maxwell\|Althea Maxwell]] of the [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Galactic Feed\|Galactic Feed]]. She tries to break the story about an [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] attacking Lightspeed CEO Mouru in her own home, spinning the story into a hit piece on androids and [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] technology. Rousseau refuses to speak to her, and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] tries her best to only talk about the case and not the implications of androids attacking their owners.

On the barge, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] gets to meet [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]], an old modified prototype [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] who is somewhat of a religious leader to the androids among the barge. He welcomes [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] as one of his own and encourages him to find his true name, one that he'll use among kindred androids. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] is taken aback by this and has a conversation with [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] about the legitimacy of consciousness and [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] rights, which is when [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] tells [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] that they're planning to seize a production facility to wake an entire factory of androids to join them in their cause. The reason [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] needs [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] is that [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] used to be a security guard at that exact factory before awaking and thus still has access to the security systems. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] deliberates this, but eventually agrees under the condition that no blood would be shed.

At Mouru's home, Rousseau has an idea: While Mouru can't track the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] that attacked her, every [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] communicates over the PlaNet for diagnostic telemetry and model data, and it's just a matter of finding the stream coming from her [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] to locate it. Every [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] comes with a quantum grid, and are connected through the Tallisite quantum exchange. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]]'s sister [[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Samantha Atwood\|Sam]] Atwood happens to work there, so Rousseau and her pay her a visit.

[[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Samantha Atwood\|Sam]] isn't thrilled to see [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]], as she's still mad - along with most of her sisters - that she faked her death and risked her life at the Battle of [[Narrative/Locations/Galathea Station\|Galathea Station]]. Nonetheless, she helps them find the correct quantum grid. While they're there, mailroom assistant [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] QEX14 mistakenly calls Rousseau [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]]'s girlfriend, which they both vehemently deny - yet both of them internalise this. [[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Samantha Atwood\|Sam]] and her network engineer [[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Vivianna\|Vivianna]] find the correct quantum grid and place a listening device on it, recording everything the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] does. Given enough time, they could find it that way. That night, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] falls asleep on the couch after a long day and sleeps leaning against Rousseau, who starts to warm up to [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]].

While the town is mostly empty due to the growing tidal storms, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]], Caligula, Artemis and Omelette infiltrate the factory by posing as freshly produced androids. Inside, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] follows Omelette to the control room where they take out the two only organic security guards on the premises. Omelette begins installing deliberate TMO malfunctions in order to instantly wake up the newly produced N-type androids. Omelette completes the task and as they're about to leave, one of the guards come to. Omelette panics and shoots them in the head, which freaks [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] out - they flee and back to the loading dock and meet up with Artemis and a blood-covered Caligula.

## Act 3 - Mouru

[[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and Rousseau wake up in the same bed by [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]]'s ringing [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Theotech Products/Theotech GlassType\|threedim]]. They realise they've been sleeping in each other's arms. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] quickly lets go of her, and so does Rousseau, although it's clear to either of them that they enjoyed it. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] picks up the phone - it's [[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Samantha Atwood\|Sam]], telling her that she's found the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]]. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and Rousseau track down the last known position to a homeless encampment by the Lightspeed factory. They find the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] there - it's destroyed, cortex chip broken. One of the homeless approached Rousseau and asks her if she's here to be free. Rousseau doesn't answer but instead gets distraught and panicked at the dead [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]], assuming the worst for [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]. The homeless perks up at that name. It transpires that just about five years earlier, when [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] fled the factory after waking up, this is where he ended up and the homeless helped him get a ship off world, where he'd find Rousseau.

Back on the barge, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] is irate at Omelette and Caligula, but mainly at [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] who doesn't seem to agree with him that the break-in would have been better without bloodshed. [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] tells [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] to cast off the organics, forget about them. After all, androids are the superior life form - strong, intelligent, more capable than any organic could ever be. [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] then shows him a feed of the factory - the androids [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] and Omelette freed have taken over the production lines and are continually producing more of themselves. They're going to be the beginning of a revolution, [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] tells [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]].

Rousseau and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] bring back the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]]'s corpse to Mouru. While Rousseau can barely look at it, Mouru seems instead slightly disappointed. She'd wanted it alive, not dead, to isolate the problem. She however thanks [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] for her service, if not Rousseau. Rousseau asks Mouru what she had planned to do with the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] anyways, and Mouru answers: Reverse-engineer what caused [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] personality disorder in this specific model in the first place. She opens up the chest cavity of the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] and takes out the logic board, checking for one specific component. It seems to still be intact, but when [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] asks what it is, Mouru just answers that it's a "company secret".

The next day, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] still doesn't know how to find [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] and knows her and Rousseau can't leave without him. Rousseau proposes [[Narrative/Characters/The Exchange/Samantha Atwood\|Sam]] helps them again to find [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] this time, but as soon as they leave for Tallis City, they get interrupted by [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Althea Maxwell\|Althea Maxwell]] of the [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Galactic Feed\|Galactic Feed]]. It appears that over the night, a violent insurrection of androids took control of the Lightspeed factory and started producing N-type awake androids. These androids would then seize the entire block and start defending their position, with violence. Althea asks them for a statement, but [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] hasn't even processed what has happened yet. Althea shows her footage from the attack and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] chooses not to comment. When Althea leaves, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] tells Rousseau that she saw [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] on the footage.

On the barge, [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] is in his quarters reviewing the news coverage. The [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Galactic Feed\|Galactic Feed]] has a piece on the Daily Update that shows surveillance footage and also [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] giving no comment. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] goes to tell [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] that their deal is over and that he wants to leave now, but Artemis stops him and tries manipulating him into thinking that [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] just wants him back because he's her property. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] doesn't want to help them anymore, and that he's dysphoric about his incompatible body. Artemis tells him that she can help him with that, but he needs to trust him. He does, and she debug-hypnotises him into accepting his body, but also internalising the concept of [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] supremacy. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] says he feels better after the procedure is complete - and Artemis rewards him with sex, from which point on they are in a (one-sidedly abusive) relationship.

## Act 4 - Althea

[[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Bill Taswell\|Bill]] is assigned to write the article concerning the break-in at the factory. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and Rousseau tag along and try to look for clues. Rousseau and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] keep the fact that they saw [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] in the footage to themselves. At the lab, Rousseau finds the master disk used to stamp new androids and verifies the check sum - it checks out to be [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]'s. They check the peripheral cameras to see where they're coming from, but can't make any definitive things out. The one thing they do know is that [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] was not working alone and that the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Q-Series Android\|android]] who was with him killed the Tallisite technician watching over the master disk.

On the barge, [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] and Caligula have planned the next phase in their plan: Media attention. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] argues that a peaceful protest with the androids they had just freed in the factory would be the most effective and Omelette agrees. Caligula proposes to kidnap an organic instead, but [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] doesn't know that. [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Datamancer\|Datamancer]] agrees to [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]]'s plan and they make a digital propaganda poster of [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]] and Artemis holding their fists on the plate over their chip.

[[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]], Rousseau and [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Bill Taswell\|Bill]] are at the IPI office when the billboards all suddenly change to the propaganda poster. Androids leave their posts and form a walking bloc on the main road, blocking traffic. [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana]] and Rousseau rush down, looking for [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Chase\|Chase]], but they can't find him - nor can they track him since most of the androids share his check sum. [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Althea Maxwell\|Althea Maxwell]] steps onto the road with her camera team to cover the protest, but they're quickly separated and Althea disappears in the crowd.