---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/concepts/tech/theotech-products/theotech-auto-drive/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**Theotech AutoDrive** is a comprehensive reading and writing solution for the  [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] format, a cutting-edge data-storage technology that operates seamlessly in both the analogue and digital domains. Modelled as a cabinet-sized unit, the AutoDrive is an integral component of the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] ecosystem, providing the necessary hardware interface to interact with its dual-nature capability.

1. **AutoDrive 45**: A compact, tabletop-sized device, it is specifically engineered to cater to the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 45 - the smallest [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] designed for moderate data-storage requirements. Ideal for home and small businesses, the AutoDrive 45 blends space-saving design with efficient data processing capabilities.
2. **AutoDrive 90**: A unit designed for the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 90, serving somewhat larger data storage applications. The AutoDrive 90 continues to maintain a compact tabletop footprint while providing enhanced storage and access speeds, making it a preferred model for medium-sized enterprises.
3. **AutoDrive 170**: Innovatively designed for the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 170, this model is tailored towards larger data volumes. Though retaining a compact shape, the AutoDrive 170 introduces upgraded processing speeds for faster data retrieval and storage, catering to larger businesses and institutions.
4. **AutoDrive 200**: This model is explicitly engineered for the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 200, offering remarkable data storage capabilities within a reasonably sized frame. The AutoDrive 200 is suitable for large-scale usage in both business and institutional settings where vast amounts of data need to be stored and retrieved regularly.
5. **AutoDrive 300 & 600**: These large-scale devices are specially crafted for the copious [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 300 and the gargantuan [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] 600 reels, respectively, capable of handling unprecedented quantities of analogue and digital data. The AutoDrive 300 and 600 models, with their superior processing capabilities and expanded data storage and access speeds, cater to the high-demand requirements of extensive data centres and large corporations.

The AutoDrive safeguards the wellbeing of the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|Autotape]] courtesy of [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Theotech, LLC\|Theotech]]’s proprietary TapeTension technology, which carefully manages the tension of the [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|tape]] during operation to minimise wear and tear, thus significantly extending the device’s longevity. This advanced [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|tape]] drive is equipped with a dedicated processing unit, facilitating the smooth translation of digital data into analogue signals and vice versa.

The innovation of the AutoDrive lies in its Digi-Analogue Convergence system (DAC). This allows the device to simultaneously read and write in both analogue and digital modes without inducing any signal interference.

Accommodating large [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|tape]] reels or cassettes, the AutoDrive provides a degree of versatility and customisability based on the user’s unique requirements. The unit is also capable of swift random data access – a rarity in [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|tape]]-based storage solutions – eliminating the need to shuttle through the entire [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Magnetic Autotape\|tape]], thereby markedly improving time efficiency and data retrieval ease.