---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Type":"Computer","Target Market":["Consumer"],"Universal Name":"Â·ğ‘”ğ‘°ğ‘´ğ‘‘ğ‘§ğ‘’ ğ‘œğ‘¤ğ‘¨ğ‘•ğ‘®ğ‘°ğ‘›","permalink":"/narrative/concepts/tech/theotech-products/theotech-glass-read/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

The **[[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Theotech, LLC\|Theotech]] GlassRead** (Â·ğ‘”ğ‘°ğ‘´ğ‘‘ğ‘§ğ‘’ ğ‘œğ‘¤ğ‘¨ğ‘•ğ‘®ğ‘°ğ‘›) is a transparent tablet designed specifically for reading newspaper articles and other printed media. Made of frosted polycarbonate with a hard plastic frame, the GlassRead allows users to read their favourite print publications in a digital format without sacrificing the feel of holding a physical newspaper. It is a low-power device using liquid crystal arrays to display text and images on the frosted surface, and is usually updated twice a day through the radio in the microprocessor assembly in the frame. Due to not having an internal backlight, the power consumption is very low and lasts for nearly 50 days on a charge. 

The GlassRead was commissioned by the [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Inter Planet Indicator\|Inter Planet Indicator]], the largest newspaper in the known galaxy, and remains the primary client for the device. However, other magazines and publications can also use the GlassRead P, a variant of the original device that is formatted to accommodate different page sizes and layouts.

The GlassRead has gained popularity due to its low cost and convenience, allowing users to easily access their favorite print media in a digital format. It has become a popular choice for commuters and travelers, as well as for those who prefer the tactile experience of reading a newspaper or magazine but want the convenience of a digital device.