---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/characters/icarus-falls/beauregard-olivia-atwood/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**Beauregard Olivia Atwood**, affectionately known as '**Beau**' by his few close confidantes, offers a stark contrast to his sister and former co-worker [[Narrative/Characters/Daedalus Plan/Morgana T. Atwood\|Morgana Terry Atwood]]. Once a dedicated officer of the [[Narrative/Factions/Interstellar Police Department\|Interstellar Police Department]] alongside his sister, Beauregard traded in the straight-laced life of a law enforcer for a far more adventurous and freewheeling existence. He is known across the stars as a mischief-laden trickster and a cunning charlatan, armed with an abundance of charm and a talent for peddling artefacts of dubious origin and doubtful value.

Standing at 5'4", Beauregard is an eye-catching figure, bearing the same dark brown hair as his sister, albeit fashioning them into a short, carefree style. Add a perpetual layer of slight stubble and you have a man that emanates an aura of perennial roguery. His proud display of his top surgery scars serves as an acknowledgement of his transgender identity.

Resolutely unanchored to any particular location, Beauregard roams the cosmic expanse aboard his starship, the *Fool's Gambit*. This vessel serves as his domicile, his mode of transport, and his escapade facilitator. The *Fool's Gambit* - being as flighty and elusive as its owner - is infamous in its own right, having slipped past many a patrol checkpoint with its unique blend of advanced stealth technology and Beauregard’s uncanny knack for trickery.

A consummate manipulator blessed with a quick wit and a voracious desire for adventure, Beauregard Olivia Atwood traverses the tense boundaries of the law, the exciting realms of risk, and the tantalising allure of the unknown. His endeavours, although ethically suspect, bring an eccentric spark to the cosmic ballet, banishing monotony as he etches his unique signature across the galaxy.