---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Pronouns":"she/her","Full Name":"Vivianna","Role":"Assistant","Species":"Varyn","Gender":"Genderfluid","Universal Name":"Â·ğ‘ğ‘¦ğ‘ğ‘°ğ‘¨ğ‘¯ğ‘©","permalink":"/narrative/characters/the-exchange/vivianna/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**Vivianna** (Â·ğ‘ğ‘¦ğ‘ğ‘°ğ‘¨ğ‘¯ğ‘©) is a highly skilled network engineer, and her unique abilities as a [[Narrative/Species/Varyn\|Varyn]] make her a valuable asset to the team at [[Narrative/Locations/On-Planet Locations/Tallis/Tallis City/QEX-TC1 Quantum Exchange\|QEX-TC1]]. She is able to manipulate quantum grids with ease and precision, making her an invaluable resource for maintaining and troubleshooting the complex systems used in quantum communication. Despite her otherworldly appearance and abilities, she is a dedicated and hardworking employee who is well respected by her colleagues.

Despite the fact that she is the only [[Narrative/Species/Varyn\|Varyn]] at [[Narrative/Locations/On-Planet Locations/Tallis/Tallis City/QEX-TC1 Quantum Exchange\|QEX-TC1]], Vivianna is comfortable in her own skin and is able to navigate the complex social dynamics of the workplace with ease. She is a highly intelligent and analytical person, with a deep understanding of the intricacies of quantum communication.

In her free time, Vivianna is an avid reader and loves to learn new things. She also has a passion for music, and plays multiple instruments. She is also an avid swimmer and enjoy spending time in the ocean. She's also an environmentalist, and she's always looking for ways to reduce the environmental impact of her work and personal life.