---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Universal Name":"ğ‘ ğ‘œğ‘©ğ‘¤ğ‘¨ğ‘’ğ‘‘ğ‘¦ğ‘’ ğ‘“ğ‘°ğ‘›","permalink":"/narrative/factions/corporations/galactic-feed/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

The **Galactic Feed** (ğ‘ ğ‘œğ‘©ğ‘¤ğ‘¨ğ‘’ğ‘‘ğ‘¦ğ‘’ ğ‘“ğ‘°ğ‘›) is a major news organisation that operates 24/7 news channels and has a strong online presence. Based out of the capital city of the United Worlds, the Galactic Feed is known for its extensive coverage of current events and breaking news from around the galaxy. The organisation is known for its team of experienced and respected journalists, including its most well-known host, [[Narrative/Characters/Phyrra's Spark/Althea Maxwell\|Althea Maxwell]]. They are the main competitor to the [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Inter Planet Indicator\|Inter Planet Indicator]].

Founded in the early days of interplanetary travel, the Galactic Feed has grown to become a major player in the media industry, with a presence on most inhabited worlds. The organisations news channels are available on a variety of platforms, including traditional broadcast, streaming services, and virtual reality experiences. The Galactic Feed's online presence is also extensive, with a website that offers a wide range of articles, videos, and other multimedia content.

The Galactic Feed is known for its in-depth coverage of a wide range of topics, including politics, economics, science, and entertainment. The organisation is known for its impartial reporting and commitment to accuracy, and it has won numerous awards for its journalism. Despite its success, the Galactic Feed has faced criticism in the past for its perceived bias towards certain political viewpoints and for its reliance on sensational headlines.