---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"Universal Name":"ğ‘ ğ‘¦ğ‘¯ğ‘‘ğ‘¦ğ‘®ğ‘°ğ‘¼","permalink":"/narrative/concepts/society/the-interior/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

**The Interior** (ğ‘ ğ‘¦ğ‘¯ğ‘‘ğ‘¦ğ‘®ğ‘°ğ‘¼) is a vast, interconnected virtual world designed specifically for users of [[Narrative/Concepts/Tech/Neural Virtual Reality\|Neural Virtual Reality]] (NVR) headsets, providing a shared environment where individuals can interact with each other using highly detailed and realistic avatars. The Interior has grown exponentially since its inception, attracting millions of users worldwide who contribute to its ever-growing landscape, shaping the world through their unique designs and creativity.

The Interior is not only a platform for entertainment but also serves as a hub for various communities and activities. Its spatial network extends to various realms, catering to different interests and desires, ranging from gaming, education, and social interaction to immersive experiences, such as full-scale simulations and virtual vacations.

In the Interior, users have the opportunity to create their own utopias and personal spaces, known as **Namespaces**. These Namespaces act as sanctuaries for the users, a true reflection of their personalities and interests. Users have the freedom to customise their Namespace, set access permissions, and invite friends and other users to visit and engage in activities.  

A key aspect of the Interior is its virtual economy, which revolves around the trade of goods and services, both virtual and real. Users can purchase or create items, such as clothing, furniture, and digital art, using the Interior's virtual currency, the **Lumen** (Lm). Among the various ways to earn Lumens are participating in games, completing tasks, offering services, and selling user-generated content. The exchange rate between Lumens and traditional currencies fluctuates based on the market demand, allowing users to potentially make a profit by trading within the virtual world.

# Hierarchy and Moderation

The Interior operates under a hierarchical system to maintain order, safety, and ease of navigation within its expansive virtual environment. This structure consists of several tiers, including administrators, [[Narrative/Concepts/Society/Interior Moderators\|moderators]], users, and private custom namespaces. Each tier plays a crucial role in ensuring a harmonious, immersive, and secure experience for all NVR users within the shared world.

**Administrators**: At the top of the Interior hierarchy are administrators, who are responsible for overseeing the entire virtual world. They have the power to make system-wide changes, enforce regulations, and resolve any disputes or issues that may arise. Administrators have access to advanced tools and privileges that allow them to maintain the overall integrity and security of the Interior and are usually marketing directors, community managers and engineers employed by [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Theotech, LLC\|Theotech]]'s NVR division.

**Interior Architects**: The Interior Architects possess extensive knowledge of virtual design, architecture, and aesthetics. They are responsible for conceptualising, designing, and constructing public spaces within the Interior, such as parks, gathering areas, and event venues. These skilled professionals collaborate with administrators and community members to ensure the creation of spaces that cater to different interests, support user interaction, and enhance the overall experience of the Interior. They are hired by [[Narrative/Factions/Corporations/Theotech, LLC\|Theotech]]'s NVR division.

**[[Narrative/Concepts/Society/Interior Moderators\|Moderators]]**: [[Narrative/Concepts/Society/Interior Moderators\|Moderators]] act as the eyes and hands of the administrators. They are trusted users appointed to oversee specific realms, zones, or communities within the Interior. Their primary responsibilities include monitoring user interactions, enforcing rules, and ensuring that everyone adheres to the Interior's guidelines. [[Narrative/Concepts/Society/Interior Moderators\|Moderators]] have the authority to issue warnings, penalties, and even ban users for rule violations, depending on the severity of the offence.

**Users**: Regular users form the vast majority of the Interior's population. They interact with one another and have access to most of the Interior's features, such as exploring, socialising, creating Homescapes, and participating in the virtual economy. Users have varying levels of user privileges, which can be earned through positive contributions, such as content creation, tutoring, or engagement in group activities.

**Custom Private Namespaces**: These are exclusive areas within the Interior that exist separately from the usual moderation jurisdiction. Users or groups can create and manage private namespaces for various purposes, such as creating private clubs, holding confidential meetings, or building secluded communities. Although these private namespaces are not directly overseen by [[Narrative/Concepts/Society/Interior Moderators\|moderators]], administrators still have the right to intervene if there are issues presented which breach the Interior's rules or threaten the overall virtual world's stability.