---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/narrative/factions/the-world-unity/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

The World Unity is a political and economic alliance of several interstellar civilisations in the galaxy. It was formed with the goal of promoting cooperation and understanding among its member states. The World Unity is made up of the [[Narrative/Factions/Navareo Empire\|Navareo Empire]], the [[Narrative/Factions/Sundom of Eris\|Sundom of Eris]], the [[Narrative/Factions/Varyn Confederacy\|Varyn Confederacy]], and several minor worlds including [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Ixbalanque\|Ixbalanque]], [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Pyramiden\|Pyramiden]], [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Quirit\|Quirit]], [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Telenn\|Telenn]], [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Eddystone\|Eddystone]], and [[Narrative/Locations/Worlds/Zhia-Zhea\|Zhia-Zhea]]. While each member state maintains its own sovereignty, they agree to work together and follow certain guidelines in order to further the goals of the alliance.

One of the main functions of the World Unity is to promote trade and cooperation among its member states. This is facilitated through various trade agreements and partnerships, as well as the use of a common currency, the Universal Galactic Credit. The World Unity is also responsible for maintaining the Galactic Neutral Zone, an area of space that separates the member states from other interstellar civilisations that are not part of the alliance. The [[Narrative/Factions/Interstellar Police Department\|Interstellar Police Department]], a law enforcement agency under the jurisdiction of the World Unity, is responsible for enforcing laws and maintaining order within the neutral zone.

In addition to its economic and law enforcement functions, the World Unity also serves as a forum for member states to discuss and address issues of mutual concern. This includes matters related to diplomacy, defence, and the overall wellbeing of member civilisations. The World Unity holds regular meetings and summits in order to facilitate communication and cooperation among its member worlds.