---
{"aliases":null,"tags":null,"dg-publish":true,"linter-yaml-title-alias":null,"permalink":"/narrative/species/navareans/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

Navareans (N. primus) are the only sapient species on the Navarean worlds, and as such are the primary intelligent species in the [[Narrative/Factions/Navareo Empire\|Navareo Empire]]. Navareans are classes as planetary animals characterised by their humanoid stature which is visually remarkably similar to their evolutionary analogue in the PC-3 evotrail.

The primary difference between the humanoids of the PC-3 (Eris, Sol) and PC-1 (Navareo) evotrails is the internal structure of their organisms: Whereas [[Narrative/Species/Tallisites\|Tallisites]](T. primus) and Terrans (H. sapiens) have a simple cardiovascular system supplying the body with oxygen using hemoglobin as an iron-based oxygen transport protein, the Navarean cardiovascular system runs at much lower pressure using two smaller hearts in both sides of the body. This also makes the Navarean body run at much lower temperatures and much lower overall power, requiring less calorie intake and less oxygen. In fact, the oxygen transport protein in Navareans is hemerythrin, which contrary to its PC-3 analogue hemoglobin not only causes oxygenated blood to appear purple, but also operate a quarter of the oxygen saturation efficiency.

Navareans are highly resistant to radiation damage in their DNA and mutations. The star Navareo has an unusually high output of ionising radiation, which coincides well with the higher radiation resistance a triple-helix DNA causes in Navareans. It is unknown whether or not these two things are causal, since experimentation with the PC-1 evostrain suggests otherwise.

# Chronology

Scientists still debate as to the origin of Navarean life. The predominant theory is that of precursor comets, large celestial objects that carry organic compounds known as evolution starters, being responsible for the beginnings of organic like on these homeworlds. This theory is partially proven and disproven simultaneously by the existence of the Tallis-Earth link.

According to radiometric dating estimation and other evidence, the Navarean Chain (the name for the collection of five planets within the habitable zone of the star Navareo) formed over 6.2 billion standard years ago. Within the first billion years of the Navarean Chain's history, atmospheres and protective atmospheric layers did not exist and were generated approximately 1.3 billion years after the planet's creation by the introduction of organic compounds and certain _alphabacteria._ These organisms are able to provide oxygenation through a process similar to photosynthesis, which over the course of several years provided the worlds in the chain with a habitable atmosphere.